
# Flutter Gemini Integration Demo App

## Overview

This is a demo Flutter application developed to showcase the integration of the Gemini AI model into a Flutter app for cross-platform solutions.

It is for a presentation made at GDGLafia IO Extended 2024 Event.

The slide presented at the event can be accessed via [Clicking Here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15zzOhBeti-O9NOxeJg-YYtBjUXYohp-Pu_rjNmsek8M/edit?usp=sharing)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Flutter SDK](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
- [Dart SDK](https://dart.dev/get-dart)
- A valid API key for the Gemini AI model

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flutter-gemini-demo.git
   cd flutter-gemini-demo
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```sh
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. **Configure API Key**:
   - Open `lib/pages/chat_page.dart`.
   - Replace the `_geminiAPIKey` with your Gemini API key.

### Running the App

- **Run on an emulator or connected device**:
  ```sh
  flutter run
  ```

## Usage

1. Launch the app on your device.
2. Interact with the AI-powered chat by typing messages into the text field at the bottom of the screen and pressing the send button.
3. Observe AI responses generated by the Gemini model.

## Code Structure

- `lib/main.dart`: Entry point of the application.
- `lib/pages/chat_page.dart`: Main chat page with AI integration.
- `lib/model/chat.dart`: Data model for chat messages.

## Dependencies

- `flutter/material.dart`: Flutter framework.
- `google_generative_ai`: Package for interacting with the Gemini AI model.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.

# PS:
This application was built without taking into considerations good coding practices

In an actual
- API key should be store in a secrets store or as environment variable
- Separation of concern of various part of the app (i.e everything shouldn't be cramped into one file) 